Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
"Special Fire Grand Cathedral 1"
"Lieutenant Priest" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Huo Yan Li"
"Lieutenant Priest" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Rekka Hoshimiya"
"Lieutenant Priest" "Second-generation pyrokinetic" "Karim Flam"
"Captain" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Leonard Burns"
The 8th and the 5th have carried out a joint training exercise.
It seems overly contrived.
So Obi is finally making his move.
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Cook!
With the greatest of skill, and the perfect amount of heat!
Cook.
With the greatest of skill, and the perfect amount of heat.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for coming and taking part
in the job-well-done party for the nighttime joint 5th and 8th exercise
that was carried out the other night.
--The result of the exercise was Captain Hibana throwing a fit\
--Ah, are we about to get chewed out again?
--as to how soft the 5th really is.
--Don't sound so happy about it.
Scumwad.
Gravel does not speak--does not even breathe without permission!
You gravel grit!
Right, Shinra?
Crunch...
We appreciate you taking on a weaker company such as ourselves...
Go ahead.
O-Okay.
There we are.
"5th Angels Three" "Not 5th Angels Three"
Die, will-o-wisps!
Hey, what are you doing?!
The lieutenant told me that if you play with fire, I was to kill them.
This is an informal party!
Látom.
All right, so you're saying we have the 5th's full cooperation?
Not the 5th; me, personally.
The 5th may be a subsidiary outfit, but it is paired with Haijima.
At present, it would be hard for the 8th to confront Haijima head-on.
You were going to lead off by exposing our research data
and bringing down the 5th, right?
Yeah, well...
How did you come by your intel on the 5th?
Were Iris's actions something you factored in?
No, of course not. However, she was my ace card against you.
Playing innocent, huh? I don't appreciate that.
I doubt a musclebound gorilla like yourself
could understand the 5th's research.
Just be grateful that I'm working with you.
Why the change of heart?
I went through an incident that made me despair of flames.
The more I learned about this land--about this world,
the more I couldn't help but grow more perverse.
And by growing more perverse,
I wanted to believe that I was becoming stronger, and smarter.
That if I was to oppose this crapfest of a world,
I had no choice but to fight evil with evil.
But then,
when I got clobbered by Shinra, the self-professed hero, I remembered.
The warmth of flames. The tenderness of justice.
I was put in touch once again with the ideal of fighting the evil in the world.
Then, Princess, Shinra was a hero to you?
N-No, nothing of the sort at all!
He's our vaunted hero of the 8th.
I'm sure he'll bring to light the darkness of a world held captive by flames.
Investigating each company and pursuing the mystery of the flames
is the objective of the 8th, then?
Yeah. That's the reason why we came by to steal the 5th's data.
We heard that you'd come across something in your research
that would explain the cause of human combustion.
Is that true?
Yeah. You can understand why I would become a devil, too, right?
There's someone who is deliberately creating Infernals.
Of course, not all spontaneous human combustion in the world is such.
But there were some samples among my research
that were clearly different from the others.
So there really is someone out there causing human combustion.
There's no way that stands. I swear we'll find them!
My friends... the sisters, burned up.
If that was done at somebody's hand...
...then I swear, in the name of St. John's wort and the malice it symbolizes,
that I will find them and burn them by any means necessary.
Our objective is the same, then.
Hmm, much as I hate to admit it.
But your investigation is only going to get harder from here.
How do you mean?
The Infernals that I suspect have appeared by human means
are all concentrated around the Shinjuku District.
That's... the 1st's jurisdiction.
"Episode 7: The Investigation of the 1st Commences"
Nee-san, why are you at the 8th?
To make sure you grew up right, Iris.
Hey, that was a dirty move!
How rude. My body is nice and clean.
That isn't what I meant!
Must be nice for you two, having girlish, willowy figures.
And you have a nicely-trained, beautiful body, don't you?
Heh, heh, I-I do?
Nee-san,
you're about to do something dangerous again, aren't you?
Yeah. I'm working together with you to investigate the 1st.
It could mean war.
An undercover investigation of the 1st
using the rookie training reassignment system?
That's pretty good thinking, for a gorilla, Obi.
The rookie training reassignment system
is one that allows crew members in their first year of service
to be temporarily assigned to other companies to broaden their experience.
I'm going to have you two do an undercover investigation of the 1st.
An undercover investigation of the 1st? Arthur and me?
Within the 1st's jurisdiction,
there may be someone who is artificially creating Infernals.
We want you to come up with any leads you can.
It's an important mission to help us crack human combustion.
I'm counting on both of you.
If there really is someone causing human combustion, they'll pay for it.
It may seem unnatural if there are only men from the 8th.
I'll send someone from my company, too.
I'll hit up other companies I have connections with, too.
"Special Fire Grand Cathedral 1-- The Holy Sol Obelisk"
So this is the Holy Sol Obelisk. It's even bigger than I imagined.
We could still climb it.
This is lame.
I'm not sure I'm worthy to enter the sacred 1st.
Who are they?
They're camouflage. Make nice with them, okay?
Thank you for taking us on.
So you're the trainee newbies?
Sheesh, I bet even your crap is crap. Are you crappy, you crap?
"I bet even your crap is crap."
"Are you crappy, you crap?"
It sounds like he's trying to berate us,
but he's just calling crap "crap."
You've got the ass of an ass. An ass should ass like an ass,
you ass!
What was that?!
Easy! He's just saying your ass is an ass.
Captain Burns is expecting you. Follow me.
Burns of the 1st--the man who knows about the fire 12 years ago.
That fire...
This is the Grand Cathedral.
If it was actually caused by someone...
Welcome to the 1st. I'm happy to have you.
...I'm one step closer.
Good grief, military fatigues in the Grand Cathedral?
They're guests. Go easy on them.
First Class Fire Soldier Maki Oze, from the 8th!
I have brought the new recruits for training!
While this is a formal function, we're still in the Grand Cathedral.
Forgive me for asking, but I'd prefer that you tent hands, rather than salute.
Please excuse us!
Lieutenant Flam, Lieutenant Hoshimiya, and Lieutenant Li, of the 1st.
They are going to be taking care of you.
After you've looked around the facility today,
relax and make yourselves at home.
Captain Burns, if I may?
I realize this is sudden, but in order to have you assess our abilities,
I would like to ask you to take us on in some sparring.
Shinra! What are you talking about?!
We are aware of your abilities from the paperwork we received on you.
That will not be necessary.
That's all right. Rekka, let them practice on you, too.
Huh? Do you mean it?!
Rekka, we're in the Grand Cathedral.
Shinra, what do you think you're doing?
Just a light jab.
If I can beat you, there's something I'd like to ask you.
Fine with me.
Hmm, I can't help but worry.
You've already sent them out. Now please, calm down.
Be that as it may, worrying is a captain's prerogative.
"Organic"
You're disrupting me.
Hey! Take it easy! Get back to your duties!
Why don't you head back to the 5th, ma'am?
Man, that Shinra-- Just because he beat me,
I hope he isn't too full of himself.
You twerp!
No sooner do you get here than you're sparring with the captain?!
He's never even sparred with me before!
If he hurts Lieutenant Rekka, I'll let him have it!
I'm gonna do this, damn it! I'll make him spill everything he knows!
Why do you suppose he has such a chip on his shoulder?
He's so delighted to be at the 1st, he's all revved up.
He's a high-spirited crewman, all right! I'm starting to get fired up!
Who gets to go first?
I'll start with the lowest-numbered company.
There's no need to hold back. Put your full power on display for me.
Does that mean...?
Huh?! I have to go first?!
"Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Takeru Noto"
I'm Lieutenant Hoshimiya. I'll be your opponent.
Second Class Fire Soldier Takeru Noto.
My family owns a jagaimo farm, so I got the nickname "Jaga Noto." [jagaimo: potato]
Oh, as in "Juggernaut"!
Let's have ourselves a heated match!
F-Fire!
Is he all right?
There's fire coming from me, too! I'd like to get this fire put out!
Nice! Not bad! That's your fervent passion, is it?
It is so bad! It's utterly bad!
It's hot!
That's incredible, Juggernaut! Let me see the best flames you've got!
It's getting a little too warm for comfort, huh?
Are you sure this is a good idea, sir?
I'll deal with any stray shots.
See that you do, Karim.
Sheesh, nuisances are really nuisances. What a nuisance.
I'm simmering here! We Fire Soldiers have been waiting for talent like yours!
Stop! Don't get me stirred up! I'm afraid of flames!
I became a Fire Soldier so I could get my flames put out!
This is what happens when you get me stirred up!
This amount of heat is incredible! Every single shot is a juggernaut!
Lieutenant Rekka!
That's it! Fantastic! Just like that!
Go easier on the easygoing, you easy-goer!
I have you backing me up, don't I, Karim?
--What the...? --He snuffed them out!
Where did that tremendous energy come from?
The flames got chilled out?
Rekka!
That would have hit the captain if I hadn't been here!
And I trusted you to be here for me, Karim!
The 1st has a Fire Soldier who produces not flames, but ice?
Hm?
What kind of nonsense is that? Show me a person can create ice!
Then, that ice came from...?
Thermo-Acoustic Cooling.
It's a technique that converts the energy of flames into sound,
and converts sound into cold.
When you compress heat, you can convert it to sound.
As sound abrades the air, in can be converted into cold.
You're saying you can turn flame energy into sound and cold?
Such a thing is really possible?
There's someone within the 1st's jurisdiction
who is artificially creating Infernals.
Is the culprit among this bunch?
Or, are they all in cahoots?
All right, next!
I never fight without a purpose, so you'll have to excuse me.
I-I only have the abilities that you see in the paperwork,
nothing more, nothing less, so I'll decline, too.
That would make our next contestant...
I will take you both on.
Why is the captain letting them fight him?
Bring it on.
You won't be getting a turn. I will gallantly beat my opponent.
The end.
What are you planning to do with that hand?
Come at me as hard as you can. Otherwise, this match will mean nothing.
Don't blame me if you lose an arm.
It will take more than that much flame to cut me. Set your mind at ease.
"That much flame"? Arthur's Excalibur can cut through even steel.
Don't come crying to me later!
So you have a sword that never fails to kill. Don't you have any other moves?
No way. Not even Maki could extinguish Excalibur.
What are you waiting for?!
Don't ease up on him!
This crewman packs some amazing force, as well.
This will kill you if you don't step aside!
What?!
Why did you become a Fire Soldier?
My mother and brother died in a fire!
I'm going to solve the mystery of human combustion,
and make sure that kind of fire never happens again!
It was to become a hero who could save the world from the flame terror!
You have a long way to go.
The 1st welcomes you. I hope you find this training enrollment fulfilling.
Captain! Are you hurt?!
There we go.
I won't let your lucky lechery get triggered so easily, Tamaki.
Lieutenant Rekka... I'm so sorry this always happens!
I'll take charge of you guys from the 8th.
You were no match for Captain Burns, but you two still did fairly fair.
Of course we did.
Thank you very much, sir.
But whether your pace keeps you apace of this pace,
or whether your pace does not keep you apace of this pace,
is all up to you. Hang in there.
Thank you very much, sir!
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 8: Infernal Insects"